[Music]
[Applause]
what we doing we know we get the fish
[Music]
now time
I think
[Music]
which fish oh this one right here we get
this I wasn't doing that's a grooming
made for the house actually we're gonna
go this far
I just come along for the trip the new
members newest members okay
you like you like what I picked their
house what are the names that ones Terry
the big one no screws
Terry and Cruz yeah that's the hole
that pulse
[Music]
should we just say what we want to do
should we walk there should we draw the
car got our fish it's our year 12 fish
by the time this is shown it would
already be in the common room or they
would have already been taken out of the
common probably did you think the fish
is dead by now what happened
we've got real little water flight good
day 20 minutes what is happening back
there I smashed his lightning the ball
he moved on this isn't a bit I'm
actually this is actually a thing this
isn't
[Music]
yeah this is just a weird like knowing
that we've done the border fish we're
gonna have to clean all this up yeah
[Music]
well we were just in there so
you
this isn't a bit I'm actually this is
actually a thing
this isn't ambition